Hi, my name is Tracy Thiel, and I am teaching the It's Not Just Code, Managing an Open Source
Project at PawsitConf 2023.
I am super excited about this workshop, and I want to tell you the top three reasons you
should come to this workshop.
The first is right there in the name, It's Not Just Code.
We have a lot of great things at PawsitConf, a lot of them are around code, but if you've
worked on an open source project, you've noticed that some of the things that are hard
are really not about the code, but about collaboration, and project management, and governance.
And those are things that we can learn too, you just usually haven't had an opportunity
to learn them yet.
So this is a place where you can learn about those other pieces of the projects that aren't
the code.
The second is templates, yes, templates.
The thing that you're trying to do, other people have done it before, so you don't need
to do it all on your own.
And in this workshop, I'm going to give you templates, and workflows, and checklists that
you can adapt for your project and get started with right away.
Whether your project is big or small, just starting out has been there a while, you founded
the project, or you're coming in new and want to contribute.
These pieces will help you no matter where you are.
And finally, the third is community.
So this is an opportunity to come together with other like-minded folks.
If you're in this place in a project that can feel a little bit lonely, you know, maybe
don't have somebody else to talk to, you're not sure if the things that you think are
hard are just hard overall, or something that you feel like you're not good at.
This is a place where you can talk to other people about shared challenges, build some
networks, or community, and have these kinds of connections with people that are things
that you can talk about going forward, or even just in the workshop.
So I hope to see you there.
I'm so excited about all the things that we'll get to talk about in this workshop, and the
ways that they are going to make your life as a maintainer, a manager, or anyone involved
in an open source project better and more sustainable.
Hope to see you there.